README.md, before:

# @colyseus/monitor

Web Monitoring Panel for [Colyseus](https://github.com/colyseus/colyseus)

<img src="media/demo.gif?raw=true" />

Consider backing Colyseus development and its support on Patreon.

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=3301115"><img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png" /></a>

You can use an express middleware to enable authentication on the monitor route, such as `express-basic-middleware`:

```typescript
import * as basicAuth from "express-basic-auth";

const basicAuthMiddleware = basicAuth({
    // list of users and passwords
    users: {
        "admin": "admin",
    },
    // sends WWW-Authenticate header, which will prompt the user to fill
    // credentials in
    challenge: true
});

app.use("/colyseus", basicAuthMiddleware, monitor());
```

## Setting custom room listing columns

```typescript
app.use("/colyseus", basicAuthMiddleware, monitor({
  columns: [
    'roomId',
    'name',
    'clients',
    { metadata: "spectators" }, // display 'spectators' from metadata
    'locked',
    'elapsedTime'
  ]
}));
```

If unspecified, the default room listing columns are: `['roomId', 'name', 'clients', 'maxClients', 'locked', 'elapsedTime']`.

## Development

Install the dependencies and start the dev-server:

```
npm install
npm start
```

Access the UI on [http://localhost:2567/colyseus](http://localhost:2567/colyseus).

## License

MIT

Commit message:

add GAME_SERVER_URL env variable to readme
closes #13

README.md, after:

# @colyseus/monitor

Web Monitoring Panel for [Colyseus](https://github.com/colyseus/colyseus)

<img src="media/demo.gif?raw=true" />

Consider backing Colyseus development and its support on Patreon.

<a href="https://www.patreon.com/bePatron?u=3301115"><img src="https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png" /></a>

You can use an express middleware to enable authentication on the monitor route, such as `express-basic-middleware`:

```typescript
import * as basicAuth from "express-basic-auth";

const basicAuthMiddleware = basicAuth({
    // list of users and passwords
    users: {
        "admin": "admin",
    },
    // sends WWW-Authenticate header, which will prompt the user to fill
    // credentials in
    challenge: true
});

app.use("/colyseus", basicAuthMiddleware, monitor());
```

## Setting custom room listing columns

```typescript
app.use("/colyseus", basicAuthMiddleware, monitor({
  columns: [
    'roomId',
    'name',
    'clients',
    { metadata: "spectators" }, // display 'spectators' from metadata
    'locked',
    'elapsedTime'
  ]
}));
```

If unspecified, the default room listing columns are: `['roomId', 'name', 'clients', 'maxClients', 'locked', 'elapsedTime']`.

## Development

Install the dependencies and start the dev-server:

```
npm install
npm start
```

Access the UI on [http://localhost:2567/colyseus](http://localhost:2567/colyseus).

## Environment Variables

* `GAME_SERVER_URL` (default: current URL) - the URL for colyseus monitor to monitor (example: `server.game.com`).

## License

MIT
